Let's call wonders of the world and join in the discussion. I think natural wonders are more interesting than man-made ones.
And I think the Giants Causeway is the most fantastic natural wonder.
Hmm, I've never seen it, so I'm not sure I agree with you. Why do you like it, Tony?
Well, I visited the Giants Causeway two years ago. It's huge. There are about 40,000 rocks, most of them with six sites.
It runs for several hundred meters on the eastern coast of Northern Ireland.
That sounds great, though I think Victoria Falls in Africa is even more fantastic.
It's about 1,700 meters wide and a hundred meters high. You can hear the loud noise a few kilometres away.
Wow, that's huge. But in my opinion, man-made wonders are more exciting than natural ones.
Look at the terracotta army. It's more than 2,000 years old.
I agree with you, Betty, and I think the three gorgeous dam is fantastic too. It's about 2,300 meters long,
185 meters high and 15 meters wide at the top. It produces electricity for millions of people in China.
Now, who'd like to call first?